(happy music)
(applause)
Amy: "Wow..."
"Thank you, thank you very much for being here as part of tonight, that's great!
welcome. It’s so cool not only to have a show with four women but also with three best friends.
Oh...so, thank you for participating in the show tonight.
(applause)
People always think that I am superficial because I am really beautiful.
(Beep...not funny)
(high heels pedaling)
But no, I am really not, I am not superficial. Like the guy I see now, it’s not even very good.
(Applause and cheerful music begins)
Amy Schumer is not funny.
I hate Amy Schumer.
I am Amy Schumer, I like the second child in my ass.
XDXDXD
(music stop)
How come, brother? Is your boy PewDiePie
I am a 12-level white knight.
And I am here to escort Amy Schumer, because all of your alternative right-wing, hateful, white
Male
angry
*mouthwash* mouthwash sound
Amy Schumer is the greatest comedian ever. You don't understand Amy Schumer like I do.
You don't understand her comedy. When Amy Schumer said my vagina
When Amy Schumer said, "My vagina."
She doesn't just say my vagina. She is talking more deeply
About *Echo*Life
(again) *Echo*About life
Damn it!
Amy: "Vagina (plural)"
"(again) vagina"
"vaginal"
"As long as you do something in a female comedy, you know "How much fat you are" and "How much do you want to have sex with a man" and say, "Well ~ Vagina," many times. "
*With a gasping laughter*
When Amy Schumer made a series of inconsistent shit and noise?
This is the pinnacle of comedy. Don't you understand?
(Amy Schumer makes a strange sound)
"mmmmmmmmmm"
"WhoooooWeeeee"
"Ajabajajawa"
"mm...mm..."
If you don't like Amy Schumer, that's because
You hate women.
I am a sixth grade
Because everyone knows "respect for women", so of course this does not apply to me.
Visitor: Especially...
Amy: Hey...
Interviewers: They apologize to you for "This will not be a good speech."
Amy: Yes.
Interviewer: I want to know what you did. where are we....? How do we get to that place?
(Amy) I think, because many people hate women* shawls spit out water* There are so many angers for women... oh...
* Pewds enters a cough*
This is very serious
*Inhalation*
That's right. If you don't think Amy Schumer is interesting,
This is because you hate women. Learn more about yourself. Learn more about your ideas
Think about why?
Why don't I laugh at these funny jokes?
Oh yes...
I hate women.
*Inconsistent noise*
Hahaha
Hilarious
so funny.
Sorry, I am just laughing at Amy’s joke. Now I saw Amy Schumer.
*The sound of sunglasses is lowered*
Now I saw Amy Schumer. Maybe I was introduced to her five years ago.
Before she really blew up, she was really not as unbearable as it is today.
what happened?
Let's talk about it.
It all started when Amy was accused of stealing jokes. Not just once, but...
repeatedly.
At least a couple.
(Dave) Did you lose power when you were drinking? Or I call it time travel.
(audience laughs)
(David) Yes.
(Amy) Has anyone turned black and woke up after they came out?
Thank you. Thank you sister
That's cool. Because you are a time traveler
(Amy) You are like going back to your body.
Because the ball is disgusting. Are they not?
Wow!
They are stinking.
Yes, they do it.
Ok, I will speak for my ball. On my best day, my ball might smell like a foot. On my best day.
(audience laughs)
my cat...
odor...
Like a little...
稗 animals.
Ok?
Hahaha
Do you want to hear jokes that other comedians tell in a less interesting way?
Just look at each of Amy Schumer (laughing your own jokes)
Um... * 5
(laugh)
These examples are too numerous to mention, and there are actually dozens of examples. I don't want to continue to exist...
Repeat myself. you understood
However, snickering is just the worst thing you can do. I can even understand the thinking process.
That will steal someone’s thoughts by sinking into the low point.
They work hard, they spend their souls and passions on things that are deprived of others.
Not so interesting
How can you do this?
How can someone sink to such a low level?
Anyway, have you seen my latest LWIAY feature show and see if you think you will like it. Amy has to brush
Blame these things by saying "No, I didn't steal a joke."
Although there is evidence that I have seen these comedy specials.
Maybe she didn't do it on purpose. I do not know. I really don't care.
(hiccup)
But this is exactly what Amy's giant self-declined spiral or rising spiral.
When her Netflix was launched,
This is the most interesting thing released so far.
I literally died.
Then come back
Look at it
Or at least I hope I am dead, I saw the whole thing.
I am not kidding, I have seen some shit.
But if you don't see it, here is a summary.
Pussy pussy pussy pussy pussy
Pussy cat pussy pussy pussy
It got too many votes in favor, it literally has a star rating on Netflix
Remember Netflix's previous ratings, which is very useful for understanding what you can watch.
Other recommendations
Ok, they told us about it, because Amy Schumer’s Netflix special rating is too low, so it’s too much
So why does Amy’s special evaluation of her so low that she basically blames her opponents for her responsibilities?
Is this the correct reason?
My comedy is not doing well.
This is not because I am not funny.
This is because...
She is spinning the wheel at home
Ding Ding Ding Ding. This is because this very right political group
Of course I don't like me
Amy, hello. If you are watching,
You have a big self problem, now is the time for you to deal with it, and I am atatatata
Yes, I know you just want to brush it off, then call me, or something similar.
But I think this will really help you admit that there is something wrong with it. It will be great
just
take the first step
Please because you will be more and more disappointed when you face criticism
Accept it or disapprove or you can say no because you hate women or women
Because you belong to this political group. This is a problem. Many celebrities with a lot of self will face such problems in the face of criticism.
This is always the fault of others. It will never be their own and cause them to be just crazy.
They understand this theory as why they...
...you face criticism, which is why they just lost it. Amy, you have lost it. It’s beautiful... come on!
I think the reason I am so annoyed with Amy is that she is hiding behind this flag.
Social justice, she is such a great person.
You know, but she is no problem like everyone else.
By the way, but she has a person, if someone calls her fat,
This is a huge deal, and you are ashamed.
But she literally bought a shameful person because she was too thin.
Recently, Amy wants to get the same rewards as her male comedians, such as David Sharp and Chris Rock.
Apparently, she only paid half of her Netflix. Oh boohoo.
I think this is a lot done in the entertainment field of people.
Male and female, and said, "Oh, this person has done so much, this person they have done so much
Why don't they earn the same salary? Are they all women? "
Just because they are different genders. That's why they didn't make the same amount
No, this is because people don't like your show, Amy. People don't like your special.
Dave Chapell is especially one of the best comedies of the year,
Unlike yours, it failed. You must understand that this is not a gender issue. But of course, this is why.
Because it will never be you Amy. Is this always someone else is not?
My understanding is that if Trump wins. just
It is crazy.
If November is not Hillary, does your behavior change? Has your outlook changed? My actual change is because I need to learn to speak Spanish.
Because I will move to Spain or somewhere.
Amy, have you heard of Saudi Arabia?
(Editor shows the Swedish flag) I think you will like it, there is no Trump.
Please leave. Sincerely, everyone. I am having a good time now.
(Amy's show) So I think that as the show continues, I will start to look more and more like a snowman.
(Laughter from the crowd), it feels like a lot...
(The guy in the background) Tell us your nipples!
Ok, wait a minute. The man who said "Show us your nipples" came here.
This is... great.
Come out. Everyone points to him,
So I know which one.
You are a typical Swede
Look at them. This is the thing. If someone is ridiculed, you should make them fools by joking.
Ok, you are wearing a shirt that says "I...what?"
What does it say? (pewds)ohhhhh,sh * t
...you can't speak English. You just shouted: "Let's see your nipples."
Don't be shy now. what do you do for a living?
(background) sales. (Amy repeats) sales...
How is this solved?
(Applause)
This is not a joke. This is not a joke.
(pewds laugh)
She can't make a joke on the spot.
What, you just yelled again? Oh, sorry. Yes, now is the time. Goodbye.
(pewds) And he just got kicked out!
My God, f ** King Swede.
The Bud Light Party is here to discuss equal pay for equal work.
It is wrong for women not to be paid like men.
We must pay more for the same thing.
what? !
Yes, the car.
what!
Dry cleaning.
what?
shampoo. what? You pay more, but you earn less? This is a double mistake. I called everyone I know.
what are you saying?
That is wrong.
We must pay more for the same thing. what?
No, you don't. You don't have to pay more.
Why are you lying? Imagine the effort to fight for women’s sports by getting paid for the promotion of beer.
Then just squirt a bunch of lies.
Bud Light is proud to support equal pay for equal work. That's why Bud Light costs the same, whether you are a guy or a lady.
are you kidding me?
what!
Oh, I never thought about that... that. By the way, have I told you about my chair? This is 399!
I know! What a good price!
If you are a boy and a girl, you might think that the cost is the same.
excuse me. We are not so progressive liberals, Amy Schumer
If you are a woman... (whamen)
Get this! This chair costs 399...
Point zero. You are welcome, women across the country. Thanks to the brave people like Amy Schumer.
Already possible, possible. By the way, she got paid, just let you know and let you know.
But to be honest, you call yourself a comedian, but you don't do that much. Just like I go fishing a few times a year,
But I will not introduce myself to a fisherman on TV. Wow.
Oof ow
So that means only because I used to be a blind man, I am not a blind man?
Thank you, Amy Schumer, that means a lot. Basically the two are talking about
When you have sex for the first time in a relationship, he said he should wait a little longer.
She is very good
It doesn't matter, you should have sex right away, and she is very confident in this life.
I am older than you, but you are stupid.
I must say my last 3 relationships
Each of them lasts two to five years, and we insist on each other almost immediately, because I
Know that I want to be with them. You understand
In addition to the five-year mark
A good example for a persistent relationship
Man, I think my favorite Amy Schumer clip is probably the most interesting thing.
What she has done is that she stole a joke from Ellen DeGeneres.
Then tell it
Ellen DeGeneres, this is definitely great. Let's see it. I look like I am feeding, and I am eating popcorn.
I think we all eat popcorn.
The first time you know that you always start to feel a little like lying to yourself?
Only one you know at a time, then just like you become more real
Correct
Then eventually you are just like you are real, and it's just a gimmick!
And about the dark things, we lost all the taboos in the dark, that is, popcorn is really delicious.
We have to shovel a small part of it into our mouth
Do you eat popcorn?
Are you a popcorn fan?
When she grew up, whenever Amy Schumer said she wanted to be a comedian, everyone laughed.
No one is laughing now
If you look at it, this is Amy Amy for me.
I hope you like it, please leave your approval and as always
My vagina
(cough)
Heh brofist!
Pooh!
EHH. (See you guys)